# Assignment-07
## Project Description 
My project looks to analyze and change the design of Alaska's Department of Fish and Game Website in order to make tasks such as finding bear viewing locations and submitting a Wildlife Encounter Report Form easier. The purpose of this prototype assignment is to visualize the webpages information and interactive components with a limited screen size in order to understand the tradeoffs of alternative design features, and to validify the interaction flow that the users choice will branch out. In order to do this I must first add graphic components to my wireframes and add interactivity to test the graphical and operational consistency of the pages which ultimately make up the prototypes flow. Then, I have to have others test out the interactive prototype to determine whether or not the user can easily carry out tasks within the system. Lastly, once this is complete I must self-evaluate the design to smooth out any interactions or designs that might stump the user in the process of carrying out given tasks.

## Tasks
The following prototype will illustrate how one can find locations at which bears typically reside in as well as the best times of the year to view them. This tasks will be carried out by utilizing the site navigation tab and clicking on the viewing tab to see what wild animals are available to view out in Alaska. The user will then click on the black and brown bear category to see where they might see them. 

The second tasks this prototype illustrates is submitting a Wildlife Encounter Report Form. To do this users must click on the Wildlife Encounter Report Form button found on the home page, which then leads them to the form. Then, since the tester is not able to type on the prototype they will pretend to fill the form out and then submit the form which will lead them to a new page where they can either go back to the form or to the home page. 

